Oops, can't comb your hair
Oops master
It's just a game
These ghosts!
It's all done by others
Do you think so?
What do you know?
This person has three fears of foreign fire
Midnight is when foreign fire needs it most
Combing your hair at this time will put out the foreign fire above your head
Easily provoked by ghosts
Call him and turn off the live stream
Otherwise, I will die for sure.
Really ok
I'll call him now.
No one answered?
Go to Fengmen Village
Family heard that combing your hair in the mirror at 12 midnight
You can see yourself in past lives
Let's check it out together.
One Comb Gas Pass
Two Combs Quiet Ghosts
Sansuo's past and present life
I still do
Nothing.
The family has lost face and nothing
Say hey
So boring
Didn't you say there were ghosts?
Trick me to come to the live stream to spoil the fun
Hey, family, don't go back
I'm almost at number one.
Don't back down, we can perform anything now
Say it right now, okay?
Why don't you please go first?
Please go first please go first
Please compete first.
The Pen Spirit is a ghost
Li Jiaqi